Hello everyone, Sandstrand is with you again.
a review of a hero named his friends
london rater character completely
proven submarines whose help is his
opinions can effectively attack
50 enemy
This is a unique hero who
technical highest ceiling in
the game because David has 12 hundred square meters
who said that the dog is man's best friend
in the very spirit of the park calls bears under
your control
on the fourth root he has 2,700 units
in the city and also their bear skills in front
As we proceed further
information you need to learn some
details if the bear moves away
over 900 android units
tons lose opportunity
attack and last if the bear dies
droid gets 400 it is on the fourth level
skills
let's go to less bears
his first and only
active skill rater
she is teleported bears will spend even
from the other end of the card to use it
Amano is not wasted and at the same time she can
be used every five seconds
by analogy with the long water of wounds a bear is not
can come back and if he got he
played for the last three seconds
dan 5 million post first passive skill
bear which gives and wisdom percent
opportunity to immobilize hurricane 3
seconds and put 180 units of physical
damage
and finally for pray
this skill gives a forty percent
bono modestly building and 33 percent became
resistor
now it's time to talk to the pen
Druid's ability called harm
when activated it increases the speed
Druid attacks and bears on 40
percent and movement speed on 20
percent and it all lasts 10 seconds
shin anji sole mortgage other measures
which will significantly strengthen the rest
hero skill
this skill adds 40 damage and 40 speed
bear movements increase
Robid duration 40 jamb as well
add 400 health points will
the hero
and finally viola called tube forms
by spending 25 mana he
will turn droid beat fighter
will reduce it to a speed of 35 and to
compensation for the loss of speed, he will receive 600
health points that paired with them rye with
thousands of units
In addition, the hero get eight points
armor and advanced skill batal edges
change of form takes two seconds and
avoids disclosure
and as already stated in the world of droid form
gets one more opinion then edge
when using the skill will give
an extra 60 points of uranium and six
armor points for 8 seconds bank Kiev 7
June there you control
thanks for watching the video see them
next release transported and voiced
team and does specifically for dota 2
eesu point
by the way finger genke subscribe to
our channels on youtube twitter and public vkontakte